[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> My name is David
Avocado Wolfe,
and I started out my
career as a nutritionist.
And that's been a peak
focus for quite some time,
but it's not the only
area of focus for me.
>> OK, fantastic.
>> I'm an adventurer.
>> So come take a look.
>> An organic farmer--
>> These are baby
avocados being formed.
>> I love hyper-synchronicity--
the miraculous, the unusual,
the impossible, and the unknown.
>> This is delicious.
>> Isn't that good?
>> Yeah.
But is this legal?
>> No.
That's why we're eating it.
>> I have a relentless
curiosity and a relentless,
investigative, detective
type of mindset.
So when I was learning
stuff in school,
I would immediately
think, that's not right.
There's no way that's
the correct story.
That can't be correct.
I always just felt like
there was stuff left out
or there was an
agenda behind it.
And then I would come home,
and my dad, for example,
was really into the Civil War.
And he actually
had a book that was
written by Ulysses S.
Grant in our house,
like from 1860 or something.
So we'd learned one thing
about the Civil War in school,
and I'd come home, and it was
a completely different story
of what was in the
books that my dad had.
So my dad is a New
Yorker, and my mom
came from Tehran in the 1950s.
And my mom's side of
the family is Baha'i--
they're Baha'i faith.
So we were in with the Shah.
And when the Shah was
overthrown out of Iran,
we were basically-- we
had to flee the country.
So I used to live half the
time in Iran and half the time
in New York, New Jersey.
And my first language was Farsi.
Most people don't
know that about me.
The timing of it all
was in the 1970s.
Both my parents are
medical doctors,
and I grew up in
a doctor's office.
And we were the
only doctor's office
within, easily, 20 miles.
But because of the
unique situation
of being in Seaside Heights
in Seaside Park, New Jersey,
and there would be fights,
people would be busted up,
he'd have to stitch people up,
he'd have to fix broken hands--
all kinds of stuff that
normally a family doctor
doesn't see too much of that.
But this is a beach
town and a party town,
so if there was an emergency,
it happened right there,
right in front of me.
[AMBULANCE SIREN]
When you're five years old
you see that in front of you,
it really goes deep into you.
But another thing that I
was doing at that same time
and growing up in
that neighborhood
there on the Jersey Shore was--
I used to renegade
plant pine trees
in the neighborhood
in people's yards.
And they never even knew
it, and I never even
actually told anybody else
about it until many years later.
I just realized, that's--
I did that.
Those are some of my
earliest memories.
And so that has led
me to a profound love
of trees and plants.
My parents got
divorced when I was 10,
so we moved from the Jersey
Shore to San Diego, California.
I mean, I started growing
avocados at my uncle's ranch,
and I never really
saw much of my dad
after that for many years.
And so from the time
I was 10 years old on,
was kind of a street kid.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING]
The kids that I grew
up with, we were like--
even as 14-year-olds, we were
like, you don't eat candy.
That's poison.
We were already berserker
nutrition fanatics.
You don't eat candy.
We realized that we were going
to be on a health crusade,
that that was going
to be our gig in life.
And so we thought, we have
to have superhero names, kind
of like Kiss.
Each one of the
members of Kiss had
their individual
personality, and they
were like their own
superhero, and everybody had
their favorite members of Kiss.
So I thought, that's
a really good idea.
Let's go with that
in the health field.
So that's what we did.
And my best friend became
Captain Wheatgrass,
my cousin became Raw Courage
Vegetable Man, and then
one day, my cousin
showed up and he's
like, I got something here.
And it was the
name Fats Avocado.
And so after a while,
the Fats dropped off,
but it just became Avocados.
And that's the
name that I go by.
People don't call
me David Wolfe.
Like hey, David,
what's going on?
I don't answer to that.
And it's been like
that for 25 years.
So if you ever see me on the
street, just say, hey, Avocado.
What's up?
So at 14, it started
really as a hobby.
But by the time as
18, 19, I realized
I had dairy product allergies.
And eventually, I
got off that stuff,
and that's when
I really woke up.
And I was like, whoa, I
really feel different.
My history of allergies,
especially ear trouble,
was pretty much wiped
out by getting off
those dairy products overnight.
And then I started going deeper.
I've been a vegetarian
pretty much ever since then.
I mean, I was a
vegan for 20 years,
and a vegetarian
now for 31 years.
That's a long time.
And it's not something that I
think is right for everybody.
It was definitely
right for me, and it's
the right message for me.
And that's when I found
raw foods and superfoods.
>> This has an ability to
bring life force energy
to the tissues almost
instantaneously.
[BLENDER MOTOR RUNNING]
>> When I got on the raw food
diet when I was 23 years old,
there was such a
rush of creativity,
and explosive energy came alive
in me where there's no question
in my mind that for
about five years there,
I was the healthiest
person in the whole world.
I know what that is.
I was there.
I've been there.
>> One of the biggest keys to
succeeding on this program long
term is to take 100%
responsibility for this temple
of our soul.
>> That's not a goal for me now.
I'm more of an investigator
into other things.
But there was a time when I was
the healthiest person on Earth.
>> This is about having the
best day ever every single day.
>> People go, dude, what
were you on back then?
But I was lit up not just
from nutrition, but also
with purpose, because
it just blasts apart
all the constipation of dogmatic
religion, dogmatic scientism.
That led me to an explosion
of writing creativity.
I didn't actually go see
a movie for 10 years.
All I could do was just
have an amazing one best day
ever after the next, an amazing
experience after another.
Eventually, I got into
the herbalism, which
became more important later.
[BLENDER MOTOR RUNNING]
>> OK.
>> What an incredible
part of my life.
Incredible.
And all I have to do to get
back there, by the way, is fast.
As soon as I'm on a
seven-day water fast,
12-day water fast,
I'm right back
to where I was when I was
23, and I'm right back
to that state of health,
right back to those feelings,
right back to that creativity.
>> We've got all our superfoods
and super herbs over here.
>> And then eventually putting
these foods and super foods
onto the internet, which I was
the first person to put coconut
oil on the internet, first
person to put cacao beans
on the internet-- we had the
first raw food and superfoods
website in the world in 1994.
My mom sent me to a summer
camp called Super Camp,
and one of our teachers
was Tony Robbins.
I met Tony Robbins in 1984.
And during that camp, we learned
about goal setting and writing
things down and the
importance of setting on paper
what you want in your life.
And so I started to
realize that-- yeah,
I can create what I want.
This world is
malleable, and I can
bend the will of the universe
towards manifesting things
in life by writing them down.
Every time I think I
want to write a goal,
and then write it out,
and then I eventually
transfer those into
master files my computer.
And then I have goals
that I've achieved,
and those go into the
victory file of goals
that have been achieved.
And then there's goals
that I don't want any more,
so I disenfranchise those.
So those are called
disenfranchised goals,
and those go into another file.
Every year, out of 100
goals that I write down,
I achieve somewhere between 30
and 36 of them-- roughly 33%.
That's really something
prof-- that's deep.
It's profound.
It's like, whoa, you're
able to manifest things out
of the world.
>> Greetings, NutriBlasters.
I'm David Wolfe, and we're
here to talk about oxidation.
>> I filled an entire journal of
what I wanted to do with going
on TV with a blender--
an entire journal.
The whole infomercial,
every-- all
written out,
20-something years ago.
And then these guys
kept calling me.
They were like, we want to
do some with TV with you.
And I kept going, I don't do TV.
No way.
But I took that call
eventually, and they just
laid out this whole blender
we're going to develop,
how we're going
to bring it on TV.
Like literally, the
first seven points
match directly what I had
written in that journal years
before.
And I was like, this is it.
>> I take off the
extractor blades.
Looks like we've got--
>> We developed the NutriBullet
and the NutriBullet Rx
and the 600, the 900, the
1,200, the NutriBullet Rx,
all the derivative properties--
it's the best thing ever.
It really is.
The NutriBullet to
me is like-- you
talk about dreams coming true.
>> We're going to put
in some cucumbers.
>> We fulfilled that dream.
I went on TV and sold
blenders for years and years
on live television.
It was the best, most
fun thing of all time.
And so I live with
that fulfillment.
It's awesome.
Mexicans know how to grow
avocados really well.
And we grew up on the border, so
Mexican people are close to me.
And so they taught me as a kid.
And we were grafting
avocados in 1978, '79, 1980.
I was grafting citrus fruits
even back then as an 8-, 9-,
10-year-old.
And it just began there--
my love of farming.
>> These are our
first cacao fruits,
and this moment is our first
harvest ever here in NoniLand.
>> And now I farm in both
Hawaii and in Ontario, Canada.
It's such an incredibly
important part of my life.
>> And that is an avocado tree--
just got pollinated.
>> Today, I grow about
40 different varieties
of avocados.
I don't do the grafting anymore.
I grow more seedlings,
so that means
that I'm breeding true to seed.
So I can have an avocado that
I really like, and then I'll
breed it.
And then I'll get maybe three
of those that I really like,
and then I'll breed those.
So I'm basically selecting
the types of avocados
that I really want to grow.
>> Avocados-- check this out.
>> I'm looking for
characteristics like richness
of flavor,
butteriness, oiliness.
I'm looking for
something that has
a very small seed and a very
large amount of avocado fat,
or we call it the
seed to meat ratio.
Really can nourish us, and are
easy to get to, and just all
these different factors that
are lost as soon as you go,
let's just graft
that Haas avocado
and put it in the front
yard in Los Angeles.
All my life, I have
felt that one day,
I'm going to get to
the correct philosophy.
It's always been
there my whole life.
Just like planting
trees, there's
always been this drive to get
to the correct philosophy.
And I investigate everything.
I look at everything.
I read every book--
philosophy, Kant, Schopenhauer.
I go through Nietzsche,
Einstein, Newton, Hippocrates--
you name it.
And eventually, I ran into a
friend of mine, Alan Steinfeld,
who is a UFO investigator and
a paranormal investigator.
And he said to me-- he's
like, have you ever read
the books of Charles Fort?
And I was like,
never heard of him.
And he's like, get "The
Book of the Damned."
And when I got to Charles
Fort, everything made sense.
It all made sense.
There it all was.
What he lays down is that
for every law that you posit,
there will be an
anti-law presented.
There's nothing in this world
that's just all 100% rational,
and there's nothing
in this world that's
all 100% irrational.
It's a mixture of the two.
The more you try to
go hyper rational,
the more the irrational
will present itself
in order to sort you out.
And so when we put
our attention away
from the mundane,
rational, logical,
everything's in
certainty over here,
and we start going to
uncertainty and the irrational
and the synchronistic
and the X factor,
we start to see and feel
the visceral magic that
is part of our reality, so
we actually become happier.
I know of many great
farmers in the world that
are super Aramanic
in their thinking,
in the sense they're
very materialistic.
It's like, OK, we got to
get the right genetics.
We've got to make sure
we breed properly,
then we're going to
graft this onto that.
And even there
are organic farms,
but they still have
that in their mindset.
Where I'm at is, what I grows
the best ever of all time.
It's my assumption.
That tree is
getting all the love
it needs just by my
thoughts about it
and the way I feel
about it and the love
that we're putting out there.
And whatever its
genetics are, they
will be perfected on
this farm, because it's
finally come to fruition,
because this is the best
farm ever.
Those assumptions
of magic and love
being able to influence genetic
expression very strongly
influence genetic expression.
>> We're going to see
our score from yesterday.
OK, look at this.
>> Some more avocados here.
>> A massive abundance.
>> Now you see how that is a
totally different mindset than
we've got a hyper-rationally
figure out how we're going
to get these genetics, and
we've got to import these,
and we've got to
make sure we do this,
and we've got to graft at
exactly this time and--
that stuff is an absolute
Aramanic nightmare.
It's a materialistic nightmare.
And I don't have
anything to do with that,
because my philosophy
has finally
led me to forget all that.
It's just auto--
I'll just assume it,
stand in synchronicity,
live inside the magic,
and it will come.
My role has always been
to get the information out
to get people to be healthier.
Nutrition is a big part of that.
But as I found out, it's the
mindset of certainty, logic,
rationality--
we're going to be able to
crack every secret this way.
Eventually, I realized
that that's killing people.
That's a terrible way of life.
It destroys all magic, actually.
It gets you into
anti-synchronicity, where
you're not in the holy flow.
And so over the years,
I started realizing,
I need to get people more
of a message of hope.
>> This is my medicine bag.
And people asked me
about this all the time.
>> More of a message
of synchronicity,
more of a message of love, more
of a message of relating it
differently, more of a
spiritual emotional message--
and I could do that
with food, too.
And that eventually
started to change how I
was dealing with social media.
I did all the
social media myself.
I do Instagram myself,
I do Facebook myself,
I do Twitter myself,
I do Telegram myself,
which I really prefer.
Telegram Messenger
is the best ever.
And I eventually got into that
broader spectrum of health.
So we deal with spirit,
emotion, mental, attitude,
and the physical--
food and all that.
And it exploded.
And it was like, boom.
Put more fuel on that one.
Let's keep going.
And it just kept going, going,
going, going, going, going,
going, going.
But just stop for a second.
This is a side hobby for me.
This isn't my job.
People are like, oh, well
how could raw foods help me,
or how could superfoods help me?
It's like, you have more energy.
I mean, I literally was leading
Facebook in hits and reach
and everything almost every
number for two years every day
as a side thing.
If people can't get
the message from that,
there's nothing more
I can do for them.
Eventually, Facebook
or whoever--
whoever is running
this stuff-- it's
a publicly traded
company-- they were just
like, we've got
to stop this guy.
We cannot have this.
But that's what raw
foods gives you.
It brightens up your life.
It's a high
vibrational substance.
And we could get into the
presence of whatever vitamin is
present there and all the
co-factors-- vitamin C, rutin,
bioflavonoids--
I could go through
that ad infinitum.
But people want the
scientism, because we
think science is
the best thing ever,
and it's the only
way to know anything.
And all it is is a viewpoint.
It's a good few point.
It's an important one,
and I agree with that.
But there's other viewpoints,
like your instinct
and your intuition, like what
synchronicity is guiding you
to--
your common sense and
your super sensibility.
These are other viewpoints.
And I never really realized
how intense the scientism
was until I got really big.
People really believe that
science is the only way
to know anything.
But science is changing.
It's never the same.
And so whenever
you hear something
like, oh, this
science is settled,
immediately, I go, oh, it's
definitely not settled.
Whenever somebody says,
oh, we know this for sure,
I know for sure we don't
know that for sure.
The human being is
a noble organism,
and we need things from
the different kingdoms
of life on Earth.
And in order to really
know what your body needs,
you need to have a
diversity of things.
Like the average gorilla eats
120 to 140 different plants
in a year--
in a year.
So I started looking
at that and going,
how many different plants
am I eating in a year?
I'd better start diversifying
up here a little bit.
And then you never know--
you have an injury.
All of a sudden, your
body goes, we need this.
We need this.
Now, you're like, I haven't
had that in like eight years.
But that's what its
called for right now.
And this is why
it's very important
to use what I like to say is
the trial and success method--
the trial and success method.
You just keep trying stuff.
Just be like, oh, OK,
this is what spirulina is.
OK, this is what hemp
seed is all about.
OK, that's a goji berry.
OK, that's a black berry.
OK, over here--
that's what lettuce
is-- dancing woman lettuce.
Actually, drunken woman
lettuce is my favorite.
And then-- oh, OK.
This is what sea
buckthorn berries are.
And you just keep trying
all this different stuff.
And then that one
day when you get
pregnant or something
happens, your body goes,
we need flax oil.
We need spirulina.
We need an avocado.
And it's gotta be with salt
on it, right here, right now.
How would you know that?
You never had an avocado or
spirulina or flax oil or sea
salt before.
There's really only 350
plants in the world,
just to simplify that.
Now the scientism and the
categorization of everything
and the breakdown into
the binomial system,
Latin binomial system,
and Linnaeus's system is--
that's very deeply scientismic.
And you lose a lot by
categorizing like that,
because for example, I
know the goji berry family.
I know the goji of the lyceum
family all over the world.
I've seen it all over the world.
I've seen it growing on the
sacred monuments of Peru.
I've seen it growing in
the deserts of Australia.
I've seen it growing in the
deserts of the United States.
I've seen it growing in Asia.
So now, I know the personality.
And so once you know
the family and you
know it's personalities, then
you can understand it anywhere.
Now, if we're into the Linnean
categorization binomial system,
you're actually
handicapped by that system,
because you can't
understand reality.
>> So I'm actually going to
put several squirts of chaga
in here.
There are so many
immunological benefits to chaga
that I could have
written a book on it.
In fact, I did
write a book on it,
and this is the book right here.
>> I've written a book.
It's called "Chaga--
King of the
Medicinal Mushrooms."
And it got voted, actually, in
the top 40 books ever written
on mushrooms, which I
felt very honored about,
because I didn't really
want to write that book.
I was trying to hand
that off to someone.
I was like, you write this book.
How about you do this book?
And finally, I realized,
no one's going to do it.
And I live in a chaga
environment in Canada,
so they're all around me.
And I know chaga inside out.
I mean it's every
day, all day long.
Even today, this morning,
I had five droppers
full of my tincture
of chaga, my alcohol
tincture, just with chocolate.
>> And we've got
the super mushroom.
This is the Siberian chaga.
But it's not just from Siberia.
It also grows right here in the
Catskill Mountains of New York
wildly.
>> Chaga is a herniated mycelium
of a medicinal mushroom.
So most medicinal mushrooms
and most mushrooms
we see in general--
what you see that
comes out of the tree
or comes out of the ground
is the reproductive organ
of the mushroom.
The actual body of the
mushroom is called mycelium.
And you almost never see it
unless you peel a piece of bark
back on a dead tree, and you see
all this white stuff in there.
That's the actual body of
the medicinal mushroom.
That's it right there.
And with chaga,
though, it's weird.
It's fruiting body is
very difficult to spot,
so that mycelium
actually herniates out
of the tree and
busts out of the tree
and becomes something you
can actually get at and get.
And that's why it's so
unusual and so special.
One of the things is always the
best quality water I can get.
>> So you can still see
there's still snow up there.
But this is the
place right here.
Let's take a look.
>> And I'm a spring water
hunter on five continents for 25
years.
And there is
something you learn,
as Victor Schauberger
taught me, at every spring.
And there's something amazing
about a spring coming up
at the top of the mountain.
How is it falling upward?
Why isn't it coming out at
the bottom of the mountain?
Why is it coming out at the top?
How does the water get to
the top of a Redwood tree?
It's not capillary action.
So we start to get into
the deeper mysteries
by investing spring water.
That's the first piece.
Second piece is,
I'm going to have
some kind of
electrolyte-- sea salt.
I've learned that
over the years.
I had friends who went
many, many long days--
let's just start with that-- or
weeks without any food at all,
just on salt water.
It's in the right ratio
for you as an individual.
Some people can handle more.
I can handle a lot
of salt. And it
neutralizes all autoimmune
conditions in my body.
And then I don't need
to drink as much water,
because I'm hydrated.
That's number two.
Number three is charcoal.
Activated charcoal and
the charcoal revolution
and the fullerene revolution
and what that means to me today
is just absolutely incredible.
So I do about 2,000,
2,500 milligrams
of charcoal every day.
>> And what else you got here?
>> OK, so what we've got in
here-- now I've got-- boom--
digestive enzymes.
>> OK, in case you--
>> Very key thing to have.
>> And then another piece that
I'm really into on the daily is
enzymes.
And depending on the
situation I'm in,
I will sometimes get it really
into really good quality
probiotics or ferment
vegetables, like cucumbers
and cabbage that I
have with everything,
that has the bacteria with it.
So those are
non-negotiable for me.
They're there.
And then of course--
>> We're going to fill this up.
>> The medicinal mushroom teas,
which are pretty much every
day, or some kind of medicinal
mushrooms going into my body
every single day.
And then it's delivered
with chocolate.
And I'm a cacao eater.
I'm a cacao grower.
And that delivery of
the medicinal mushroom
in tea with hot chocolate
is just the best ever.
It really is.
It's not much else
to eat after that.
That's a lot.
In 2002, I founded the Fruit
Tree Planting Foundation,
because as an entrepreneur,
I wanted a method
to give back so that some
of the money that was earned
from selling products
and events and seminars
would work its way
back to the Earth
and work its way
back to a foundation
that I could really believe in.
Planting trees is something
I deeply believe in.
And we want to, through
the Fruit Tree Planting
Foundation, plant fruit,
nut, and medicinal trees.
So it's not just a
tree that looks good,
but what are we
going to use it for?
It has multiple uses.
In 2019, we planted 80,636
trees in five countries--
places where kids have
found their soul's mission.
Every day, their job is to
take care of that orchard.
And so they've
found something they
can sink their heart
and their soul into.
Life is fleeting and
it's short, and we
could be gone in a second,
so we'd better get planting.
And we put a million trees
in the ground since 2002.
It's by far my favorite thing
I've ever been involved in.
It's by far the
only thing I've ever
been involved in
where it was all
100% best ever all the time.
The Fruit Tree
Planting Foundation
is found it www.ftpf.org.
My legacy is we're getting
trees in the ground.
That's the legacy
I'll leave behind.
Now, who am I as a person?
We're dealing with--
I mean, I don't
think people even understand
who I am as a person.
>> Greetings, everybody.
This is David Avocado Wolfe.
Welcome.
We're going to be talking about
5G and how to protect yourself.
>> Because we have--
billions of people don't
even believe in magic.
We've got billions of
people who don't even
understand synchronicity.
We have billions of people
don't even realize it's miracles
non-stop, every
second, all day long.
So I'm not looking
to create a legacy
amongst the human population.
That's not-- I don't
think that way.
>> We've got a lot of
interesting things here.
We have to make
it work together.
>> But there's always a way.
The light always finds a way.
The love always finds a way.
Everything is just find--
will find its way.
So humanity will get out of
the toil and troubles of today
without question.
>> Cheers to the--
>> Cheers.
>> Best day ever.
The best drink ever.
Thank you.
>> You're bloody well right.
>> I'm showing
people another way,
which is the path that I'm
looking for, which is that path
of the hyper synchronicity,
the holy flow,
the love and the light
and the magic of living.
And I know that in future
incarnations, that will be--
that's what I'm-- it's
the best day ever.
It's like, I'm manifesting the
best day ever every single day,
all day long.
And that's why I have faith,
because I know it works.
>> I've been growing
avocados for 42 years.
This is where we're at.
Today is the best day ever.
>> When I say today is the
best day ever, it happens.
Stuff happens.
It's absolutely miraculous.
The bizarre, the unbelievable
will occur right there,
in front of me, all day long.
So that's been going on
for so many decades for me
at this point, I have faith.
[MUSIC PLAYING]